Update installer.mdx (#2115)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/install/interactive/installer.mdx

(This value must be defined in the OpenSSL [cipher list format](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.1.1/man1/ciphers.html)

> ~> Note: By default enabled ciphers for Nginx are `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5`.

Reviewer: I know we're a bit inconsistent about notes (I promise fixes for this are coming!) but I'm adjusting your callout formatting so that it matches the majority of other notes in the Terraform docs right now.  Also a tiny wording nit :-) 

```suggestion
-> Note: The default enabled ciphers for Nginx are `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5`.
```

Author: Thank you, looks great!

> -> Note: The default enabled ciphers for Nginx are `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> Note: The default enabled ciphers for Terraform Enterprise are `HIGH:!aNULL:!MD5`.
```

We don't mention Nginx anywhere else in this documentation.. I think probably best just to refer to Terraform Enterprise here, rather than exposing that level of detail.
